add chunk alloc system variable (#11129)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

- Default value: `true`
- It is recommended to set it to `false` if you need to create a large number of tables (for example, more than 100 thousand tables).

### `tidb_max_reuse_chunk` <span class="version-mark">New in v6.4.0</span>

> - Controls the maximum cached chunk objects of chunk allocation. Adjusting this variable to too large a value might increase the risk of OOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Controls the maximum cached chunk objects of chunk allocation. Setting this configuration item to too large a value might increase the risk of OOM.
```

- Default value: `64`
- Minimum value: `0`
- Maximum value: `2147483647`

### `tidb_max_reuse_column` <span class="version-mark">New in v6.4.0</span>

> - Controls the maximum cached column objects of chunk allocation. Adjusting this variable to too large a value might increase the risk of OOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Controls the maximum cached column objects of chunk allocation. Setting this configuration item to too large a value might increase the risk of OOM.
```
